docs: add instruction how to keep sourceCategory for metrics (#3045)
SumoLogic/sumologic-kubernetes-collection: docs/best-practices.md

[chart_readme]: ../deploy/helm/sumologic/README.md
[values.yaml]: ../deploy/helm/sumologic/values.yaml

> ## Keeping sourceCategory for merics

Author: ```suggestion
## Keeping Source Category for metrics
```

> In order to keep sourceCategory for metrics, the following configuration can be applied:

Author: ```suggestion
In order to keep Source Category for metrics, the following configuration can be applied:
```
